feat(curriculum): adding reusable profile card component workshop (#57400)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-reusable-profile-card-component/674ef2d357676e50e469165d.md

---
id: 674ef2d357676e50e469165d
title: Step 7
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-7
---

# --description--

> Again, use the `Card` two more times with the follwoing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Again, use the `Card` component two more times with the following:
```

> | Props  | First Card Values | Second Card Values Value |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Props  | First Card Values | Second Card Values |
```
